### On Method Length
Despite your recommendations from the last project, I have not gone through and changed the lengths of the methods within the back-end section of the project. I do not see any particurly long methods, the longest method--CrosswordGenerator.backtrack()-- is only 90 lines, which includes a lot of commenting and whitespace; this method in particular is not feasible to break up into subroutines, as it is a recursive function called repeatedly with excessive backtracking. Bonus subroutines in this method would have a significant impact on both the memory performance and runtime, due to python's nature of dynamically typing, and the fact that the stack for python is notably inefficient in terms of memory. The method already runs significantly slower than anticipated. There are other subroutines within the method that serve to streamline the code, with a lot of decision-making put into the place_cell() method for easier accessibility for debugging purposes; removing this code and replacing it in the method results in around a 20% speed-up in the average case. However, the place_cell method is complicated enough that for testing and debugging purposes it will remain outside of the main backtrack() method. I do not recall seeing any other methods over 50 lines in this program, and aside from the clean_clues() method in clue_repository, most of them are very streamlined in terms of tasks involved. The clean_clues() method cannot be split because of the pandas library tendency towards immutability: splitting this method into subroutines literally doubles the memory required.
